Your Majesty, the eldest prince asked me to wait here.
But I am not trapped in life, I don’t know how to be cold,
What kind of trick does he want to play?
Let’s wait and see first. If we get this so-called picture category today,
His sails will be twisted and cracked.
The Emperor of Dacheng asked me to come here to arrest someone.
I don't know how to tell you.
The eldest prince speaks so freely,
This leaves the past with how I was viewed,
Please also ask Your Majesty to serve as the first general of the eldest prince.
General Liu, you really made a mistake
People are not in a hurry yet but they are in a hurry
I pay my respects to the great emperor brother
Where's that rubbish of yours?
Could it be that I didn't do it well?
First Prince, you are so brave
Please pass the details to Your Majesty.
I'm so stupid
This is your fight
What kind of dog-wall earth type are you talking about?
our emperor
This prince looks at you as incompetent as you
too unimportant objective person
You can't be a martial arts prince
deceptive
Except for something better
This is ruined
You say this is from the soil
Brush mine without death
It was so humiliating that I entered Wang Er
I already knew what was going on.
Then don’t forget to die and I’ll die